README.md, before:

## express-server-typescript

Sample starter project with required configuration such as express, typescript, prettier, husky and docker.

## Prerequisites

- nodejs
- Docker and docker-compose (for containerization)
- npm

## Setup

- git clone https://github.com/nischalshakya15/express-server-typescript.git

- Go to the project directory

  `cd express-server-typescript`

- Rename env.example to .env file

- Running in **development** mode

  `npm run start:dev`

- Running in **production** mode

  `npm run build && npm start`

- Open the browser

  `http://localhost:8080/api-docs`

## Using Docker

- `docker-compose --compatibility up -d`

### References

https://stackify.com/winston-logging-tutorial/

https://www.codota.com/code/javascript/functions/winston/format

https://medium.com/@jorgemcdev/node-express-app-typescript-tslint-prettier-airbnb-husky-c42588cbcbe3

https://gist.github.com/laurenfazah/e0b0033cdc40a313d4710cc04e654556

https://codeburst.io/a-generalized-solution-to-authorization-in-node-js-9a38d9916d62

https://levelup.gitconnected.com/tutorial-for-authentication-and-authorization-in-a-node-application-772bef191dae

https://dev.to/mezzolite/beginner-node-js-many-to-many-relationships-3nln

http://zetcode.com/javascript/winston/

Commit message:

Update README.md and .env.example

README.md, after:

## express-server-typescript

Sample starter project with required configuration such as express, typescript, prettier, husky and docker.

## Prerequisites

- nodejs
- Docker and docker-compose (for containerization)
- npm

## Setup

- git clone https://github.com/nischalshakya15/express-server-typescript.git

- Go to the project directory

  `cd express-server-typescript`

- Rename env.example to .env file

- Update configuration of .env file which as per your system.

- Running in **development** mode

  `npm run start:dev`

- Running in **production** mode

  `npm run build && npm start`

- Open the browser

  `http://localhost:8080/api-docs`

## Using Docker

- `docker-compose --compatibility up -d`

### References

https://stackify.com/winston-logging-tutorial/

https://www.codota.com/code/javascript/functions/winston/format

https://medium.com/@jorgemcdev/node-express-app-typescript-tslint-prettier-airbnb-husky-c42588cbcbe3

https://gist.github.com/laurenfazah/e0b0033cdc40a313d4710cc04e654556

https://codeburst.io/a-generalized-solution-to-authorization-in-node-js-9a38d9916d62

https://levelup.gitconnected.com/tutorial-for-authentication-and-authorization-in-a-node-application-772bef191dae

https://dev.to/mezzolite/beginner-node-js-many-to-many-relationships-3nln

http://zetcode.com/javascript/winston/
